Body Treatments
First time spa clients receive 15% OFF first service when mentioned
(206) 717-4843
Treat YourSelf Studios
(206) 717-4843
Home
Hair Removal
Lash & Brow
Facials
Body Treatments
Packages
Service Add-Ons
Home Care
Q & A
Deals & Specials
Personal Testimonies
Body Treatments
Book Now
Grapefruit Glow BodyWrap
$95
This full body treatment will leave your skin smooth, hydrated, and glowing. Starting with a dry brush exfoliation, an invigorating Grapefruit Scrub designed to eliminate dead skin cells is then applied. Rich in antioxidants and vitamins, Grapefruit extract can provide an array of anti-aging benefit
s
like evening skin tone and fighting off free radicals. Once wrapped, you will receive a relaxing dry scalp aroma massage, and concluded with a massage application of rich body butter.
50mins.
Beyond BodyWrap
$120
A twist on the classic Grapefruit Glow wrap, this treatment is taken to a new level! Once wrapped, you'll receive an Organic Almond Scalp treatment while basking under therapeutic L.E.D light.  50mins.
Dry Brush Treatment
$65
Full body dry brush exfoliation followed with a rich  body butter massaged into the skin. 25mins.
Back Facial
$75
Smooth away inperfections with this amazing back treatment. Dry Brush exfoliation followed with a deep cleansing, exoliation with steam, and  extractions. This treatment is finished with a soothing and clarafying cream masque. 40 mins.
Bikini/ Brazilian Facial
$70/$85
Targeting ingrown hairs and hyperpigmentation in the Bikini/ Brazilian area. This treatment includes cleansing, exfoliation, extractions (if needed), and a brightening French Peel-Off Masque.  Strongly recommended for women who wax or sugar, but anyone with ingrown hairs or discoloration can benefit from the treatment. 25 - 45mins.
Five Star Treatment
$60
A combination of the Scalp, Hand, and Foot treatment. This treatment focuses on the parts of our body that are most exposed to the changing elements. The hands
,
feet and scalp are rich in nerve endings and acupressure points, yet they are often neglected.  Revive and align your points with this five star beauty and spa  treatment! 20mins.
#1 Body Treatment. Brazilian Facial
Copyright © 2017- 2026 Treat YourSelf Studios - All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
Powered by