Facials
First time spa clients receive 15% OFF first service when mentioned
(206) 717-4843
Treat YourSelf Studios
(206) 717-4843
Home
Hair Removal
Lash & Brow
Facials
Body Treatments
Packages
Service Add-Ons
Home Care
Q & A
Deals & Specials
Personal Testimonies
Facials
Book Now
For All Of Your Facial Needs!
A service for all of your facial needs. Each treatment includes a thorough cleansing, skin analysis, exfoliation with extractions (if necessary), followed by a custom treatment masque & collagen stimulating facial massage to purify, oxygenate and balance the skin, leaving your face nourished and refreshed! All products used are all natural, formulated without parabens, petrochemicals, synthetic dyes, fragrances, & GMOs, along with being cruelty free!
Express Facials
$70
30 minute custom facial. Neck and  Décolleté included. *Extractions not included*
Power Hour
$90
60 minute custom facial. Neck and  Décolleté included.
Extended Facial
$100
75 minute custom facial with additional arm and shoulder massage. Neck and Décolleté included.
Up Grade Hour
$110
Our classic Power Hour facial's now paired with an Eye Rejuvenation & Organic Almond Scalp treatment. A perfect combination for beauty and spa relaxation! 60mins.
Anti-Acne
$95
A treatment for those who suffer with troubled skin; particularly effective on teenage and adult acne. After cleansing this treatment begins with enzyme or glycolic acid exfoliation and a warm vapor mist, followed by electric dis-encrustation, extensive manual deep pore extractions, high frequency application, and a skin-calming, anti-bacterial masque. Highly recommended as a series. 60mins.
Glycolic Peel Treatment
$75
Stimulating natural collagen production, along with diminishing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles over time. It's much more than an anti-aging treatment,  Glycolic also lightens discolorations such as sun & age spots. It can even help skin that's prone to blackheads, whiteheads, and acne by keeping pores clear of old skin that tends to clog them and cause problems. Glycolic penetrates deeply into the skin to reform texture and dullness leaving skin looking refreshed, bright, and refined.
Lactic Peel Treatment
$75
Lactic acid is specifically used to treat hyperpigmentation, age spots, and other factors that contribute to a dull and uneven complexion. Other benefits of AHAs like lactic acid include improved skin tone and reduced pore appearance. However, unlike AHAs such as glycolic acid, lactic acid is a bit milder.
Please Note
DON'T FREAK OUT
if your skin goes through a "purging" phase after your facial and you start to break out. Facials are designed to clear toxins deep in the skin, and some of those toxins may appear as whiteheads or pimples. It's completely normal, and they typically don't last long. Your skin will be clear in a few days!
Seasonal Facials
Berry Calming Facial
The Berry Calming Facial features enzymatic exfoliation from the Raspberry Peach Enzyme, which provides deeply nourishing botanicals. Calendula Calming Mask leaves skin feeling calm, hydrated, and visibly refreshed. This pairing makes for the perfect choice for clients seeking acid-free exfoliation, calming care for redness prone skin, and barrier-supporting care with a radiant finish. 45mins $80
Vineyard Grape Facial
A blend of grape and marble berry create a remarkable facial treatment designed for anti-aging and nourishment. Grape Enzyme is formulated with an innovative blend of potent ingredients to rejuvenate, protect, and nourish skin. This luxurious treatment harnesses the power of nature, featuring resveratrol-rich Viniderm® from grape juice extract that helps
protect against oxidative stress and stimulates the production of collagen, elastin and hyaluronic acid. This enzyme is home to plant-based technologies to help fight signs of aging, promote skin renewal, and enhance hydration. Marble Berry Nourishing Mask features marble berry plant’s fruit, which reflects vibrant colors reminiscent of a peacock’s feather or a butterfly’s wing, maintaining its brilliance for years. This luxurious mask is enriched with potent antioxidants, including Thiotaine® and Spin Trap (Phenyl t-Butylnitrone), ensuring skin that feels revitalized and balanced. Pregnancy safe. 45mins. $80
#1 Facial. Power Hour
Copyright © 2017- 2026 Treat YourSelf Studios - All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
Powered by