Packages
First time spa clients receive 15% OFF first service when mentioned
(206) 717-4843
Treat YourSelf Studios
(206) 717-4843
Home
Hair Removal
Lash & Brow
Facials
Body Treatments
Packages
Service Add-Ons
Home Care
Q & A
Deals & Specials
Personal Testimonies
Packages
Book Now
Here are a few package options that will help you make a lovely day for yourself or someone special.
*** Please note package names are just that NAMES***
Feel free to book any service you'd like for any human you'd like!
Beach Body
$120 (Brazilian) $130 (Manzilian)
Stay beach ready with this package. Starting with your choice of a Brazilian or Manzilian wax. You can then relax with a full body dry brush exfoliation followed by a rich body butter massaged into the skin. 60mins.
Beyond BodyWrap
$120
A twist on the classic Grapefruit Glow Wrap, this treatment is taken to a new level! Once wrapped, you'll receive an Organic Almond Scalp treatment while basking under therapeutic L.E.D light.  50mins.
Modern Man
$140
Not sure what to get that special guy in your life? The Modern Man Package pairs together a relaxing Back Facial with a thorough Express Facial. This package also includes the option of either a Nose Wax or a Light Brow Cleanup. 75mins.
Pampered Pregnancy
$120
Take a load off with this full body experience. A Calming Hydration Facial is perfect for safely addressing problem skin caused by the hormonal imbalance experienced during pregnancy. The hands, feet, and scalp are rich in nerve endings and acupressure points. Revive and align your points with the added Five Star Treatment. 65mins.
Teen Time
$100
Introduce your favorite teen to the joys of self care. A skin analysis will lead them into a relaxing facial. High Frequency is used to help control any breakouts. An Almond Scalp Treatment paired with a Warm Paraffin Hand Treatment brings this awesome introduction to a conclusion! 45mins.
Up Grade Hour
$110
Our classic Power Hour facial's now paired with an Eye Rejuvenation & Organic Almond Scalp treatment. A perfect combination for beauty and spa relaxation! 60mins.
#1 Package. Beach Body
Copyright © 2017- 2026 Treat YourSelf Studios - All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
Powered by