Q & A
First time spa clients receive 15% OFF first service when mentioned
(206) 717-4843
Treat YourSelf Studios
(206) 717-4843
Home
Hair Removal
Lash & Brow
Facials
Body Treatments
Packages
Service Add-Ons
Home Care
Q & A
Deals & Specials
Personal Testimonies
Frequently Asked Questions & Answers
What is Treat Yourself Self Studios cancellation policy?
A required 24 hour noticed to change/cancel an appointment. A fee of 50% of the appointment charge will be collected without proper notice to change or cancel an appointment. No show appointments will have 100% of the appointment charge collected. Clients arriving 15 minutes (10minutes for shorter appointments) late to their appointment will be considered a no show and will not be seen. Therefore when booking an appointment, you will be asked to leave a credit card number to hold your reservation. This information remains private.
How early should I come for my appointment?
What is Treat Yourself Self Studios cancellation policy?
Please be considerate of yourself, your aesthetician and fellow client's time by arriving NO EARLIER than 10 minutes before each session. Sessions are scheduled to include the full advertised time plus 10 minutes for first time paper work, dressing, and consultation. Sessions will not be extended for late arrivals.
What forms of payment does Treat YourSelf Studios accept?
We accept all major debit/credit cards and cash. Personal checks are not accepted.
Is Gratuity Required?
What forms of payment does Treat YourSelf Studios accept?
While it is customary to leave 15 to 20 percent, it is certainly not required.
Meet the team!
Nichele                                                               Owner & Estetician
As an Esthetician and Seattle native, Nichele makes it her top priority to balance and enhance your skin's natural radiance. Working with today's top tools, techniques, and product lines Nichele can help reduce and or completely eliminate problem skin.  Hair removal needs? Brow, Bikini, or Back, there's no surface too big, or too small.  With a "No Hair Left Behind" mindset Nichele prides herself on giving quick, intuitive, and accurate services to all. Offering custom facials, hair removal, body treatments & more, Nichele is the esthetician to see.
Saphiyah                            Estetician & Lash Specialist
Hi, I’m Saphiyah! I’m a licensed esthetician who loves helping people look and feel their best. My goal is to provide relaxing, results-driven treatments tailored to each client’s unique skincare needs, leaving you refreshed, confident, and glowing.
Copyright © 2017- 2026 Treat YourSelf Studios - All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
Powered by