Service Add-Ons
First time spa clients receive 15% OFF first service when mentioned
(206) 717-4843
Treat YourSelf Studios
(206) 717-4843
Home
Hair Removal
Lash & Brow
Facials
Body Treatments
Packages
Service Add-Ons
Home Care
Q & A
Deals & Specials
Personal Testimonies
Service Add-Ons
Book Now
Not Offered As A Single Service. Add-On May Add Time To Services
Facial Peel
$40
A facial peel uses a natural chemical solution to remove layers of skin, revealing the more youthful skin underneath. Chemical peels can reduce or improve fine lines and wrinkles, acne, scars, uneven skin coloring and other skin imperfections. Different chemicals determine the depth of your peel and type of skin condition treated. Choose between Glycolic (30%), Lactic (20%), or Cranberry Turnover Peel (20% Salicylic).
Microcurrent Therapy
$30
Used for facial contouring, toning and firming of the skin, Microcurrent is a low-level current that mimics the body’s natural current and can provide both instant and cumulative results. Microcurrent has been shown to stimulate ATP production, which drives the creation of key structural proteins, such as collagen and elastin. Because microcurrent works sub-sensory, the treatment is soothing and most clients feel nothing at all.
L.E.D Therapy Treatment
$30
Just as plants absorb and convert sunlight into cellular building blocks, skin absorbs therapeutic light and uses it as a source of energy to stimulate cellular regeneration to produce collagen and elastin, kill p. acne bacteria, brighten hyper-pigmentation, reduce inflammation and speed healing. For maximum results a series of six treatments is recommended. Post series a maintenance treatment is recommended every 60-90 days.
Organic Almond Scalp Treatment
$20
An acupressure massage releases the tension and stress our scalp muscles hold so tightly. Benefits are enhanced with organic almond oil, which is soothing to the scalp and conditioning to the hair. Removed with an aroma steam towel, you'll definitely leaved relaxed. A perfect addition to all facials or body treatments.
High-Frequency Scalp Treatment
$15
High-frequency scalp treatment for hair growth is a kind of hair treatment that makes use of low-current and high-frequency to stimulate hair growth. This pain-free treatment revitalizes your scalp, stimulates blood circulation and encourages the scalp to increase the rate of hair growth. This treatment also helps with generating new cells while making your hair dandruff-free.
Eye Rejuvenation Treatment
$20
This treatment starts with a cooling jade massage followed with a peel off masque. The pure marine collagen smooths lines and wrinkles while at the same time reduces puffiness by tightening the skin around the eyes.
Warm Paraffin Hand Treatment
$25
The paraffin's natural emollient softens skin as the heat opens pores, allowing for maximum moisture retention. When the cooled wax is pulled away from the skin, it also removes dead skin cells, leaving skin smoother. A great addition to all facials or beauty and spa experience.
Fruit Foot Treatment
$25
Feet are renewed with an invigorating fruit sugar scrub and wrapped with warm steam towels to melt away dead skin. This treatment is finished with a massage of rich foot cream.
#1 Added Service.  Warm Paraffin Hand Treatment
Copyright © 2017- 2026 Treat YourSelf Studios - All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
Powered by